[ENH] Allow plus signs in labels (#1926)
bids-standard/bids-specification: src/appendices/entity-table.md

acquisition entity must precede the reconstruction entity.
REQUIRED and OPTIONAL entities for a given file type are denoted;
empty cells imply that entities MUST NOT be specified.

> Entity formats indicate whether the value is alphanumeric (potentially including `+` character(s))

Reviewer: just for uniformity
```suggestion
Entity formats indicate whether the value is alphanumeric (and possibly including `+` character(s))
```

or should we use some other similar phrase?
